Let's take a look at a sample NIST 800 standard
together and see how it could aid in setting up our security program.
In Google, type NIST 880-83 Revision 1.
The first thing I like to do is check the date published.
This is a little old,
but if you notice, it is the most current version.
Click "Local Download" and here we are.
This particular standard is the Guide to
Malware Incident Prevention and Handling for Desktops and Laptops.
This standard gives information on terminology associated with malware,
such as viruses, worms,
and Trojans, the tools an attacker may use,
including information on mitigating malware.
It gives advice on defensive tools such as antivirus,
IDS, IPS, firewalls, and etc.
This standard will come in handy when creating your anti-malware strategy.